Keep moving forward.
Embrace the journey, not just the destination.
Dream big and work hard.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
Don't wait for opportunity, create it.
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
A year from now, you'll wish you had started today.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Your only limit is the amount of action you take.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.
What you think, you become. What you feel, you attract. What you imagine, you create.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Work hard, stay humble.
Don't be afraid to fail, be afraid not to try.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Make today count.
Opportunities are everywhere, but it's up to you to take advantage of them.
Success is not overnight. It's when every day you get a little better than the day before. It all adds up.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself that you can't achieve it.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
Believe you deserve it and the universe will serve it.
The only time you should ever look back is to see how far you've come.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Every morning we are born again. What we do today matters most.
The key to success is to start before you're ready.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
It's not about being the best, it's about being better than you were yesterday.
Don't stop when you're tired, stop when you're done.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
You can't change the direction of the wind, but you can adjust your sails to always reach your destination.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The only way to have a good day is to start it with a positive attitude.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Life is too short to waste time on things that don't matter.
Be the energy you want to attract.
Your dream doesn't have an expiration date, take a deep breath and try again.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
A year from now you may wish you had started today.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
You are never too young to dream big.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
You are the only one who can limit your greatness.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Dream big and dare to fail.
The only way to have a good day is to start it with a positive attitude.
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. - Christian D. Larson
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give. - E.O. Wilson
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. - Will Rogers
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. - Albert Einstein
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this. - Chantal Sutherland
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. - Brian Tracy
The best way to predict your future is to create it. - Abraham Lincoln
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. - Oprah Winfrey
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. - Zig Ziglar
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. - Colin R. Davis
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. - Maya Angelou
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission. - Unknown
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. - Roy T. Bennett
The only way to do good work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. - Napoleon Hill
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt